index.md, before:

---
### Generative BI: [IPEDS Insight Explorer: Unveil Trends with Generative BI](https://chat-ipeds.aimeproduct.com/)
- By consolidating over 400 diverse data files, this project creates a unified, comprehensive dataset that serves as the foundation for advanced analysis. Leveraging cutting-edge generative AI models, it transforms raw data into actionable insights in real-time, enabling more informed decision-making across all levels of your organization.   

### Book: [Marketing Analytics with Python](https://phillip1029.github.io/marketing-analytics-with-python)

### Blog Posts

- [Customer Journey Visualization with Python](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/customer-journey-visualization-with-python-1c817f328e5e)
- [Maximizing Profits with Machine Learning: A Guide to Retail Price Optimization](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/maximizing-profits-with-machine-learning-a-guide-to-retail-price-optimization-560360efa8b5)
- [How Should an Agilist Pick the Right Generative AI Project?](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-should-agilist-pick-right-generative-ai-project-phillip-peng-7pfre/?trackingId=Te8qNbNLDK9ZKJ1bLxzxng%3D%3D)
- [OpenAI's SORA: A Revolutionary Shift in Video Advertising](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/openais-sora-revolutionary-shift-video-advertising-phillip-peng-9vqjc/?trackingId=FQJDE0I9svn3bq%2BH58yKEA%3D%3D)
- [Navigating the Future: A Deep Dive into the Imperative of AI Governance](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/navigating-the-future-a-deep-dive-into-the-imperative-of-ai-governance-fdb332f4051f)
- [Practical Guide to Prompt Compression: Essential Optimization for RAG-Based Applications](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/practical-guide-to-prompt-compression-essential-optimization-for-rag-based-applications-431791167b38)
- [Thriving in the AI Era: The Imperative of Lifelong Learning](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/thriving-in-the-ai-era-the-imperative-of-lifelong-learning-504529bfb907)
- [Setting Up a Linux Data Science Environment on Windows](https://ppeng08.medium.com/setting-up-a-linux-data-science-environment-on-windows-a01c7eaad8f5)
- [How to Auto Shutdown An Idle VM Instance on GCP to Cut Fat Bills](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/how-to-auto-shutdown-an-idle-vm-instance-on-gcp-to-cut-fat-bills-b08ae20437af)
- [Take Full Control of AI Notebook Instance on GCP via Putty](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/take-full-control-of-ai-notebook-instance-on-gcp-via-putty-814ae0e11873)
- [Time-Series Cluster Analysis of US COVID-19 Deaths](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/time-series-cluster-analysis-of-us-covid-19-deaths-b31da03000b7)
- [Setup for Deep Learning with GPU on Your Local Laptop](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/setup-for-deep-learning-with-gpu-on-your-local-laptop-3ab29eae68f2)
- [Windows Terminal: A Must-Have Productivity Tool for Windows Programmers](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/windows-terminal-a-must-have-productivity-tool-for-windows-programmers-9270d9dc4bfb)
- [Turn on These Six Power-User Features of Your Jupyter Notebook Now](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/turn-on-these-six-power-user-features-of-your-jupyter-notebook-now-a80e35854358)
- [Interactive Visualization for Exploratory Data Analysis in Jupyter Notebook](https://ppeng08.medium.com/interactive-visualization-for-exploratory-data-analysis-in-jupyter-notebook-adc826e1e76a)

Commit message:

add post 'Unleashing Generative AI' to the list

index.md, after:

---
### Generative BI: [IPEDS Insight Explorer: Unveil Trends with Generative BI](https://chat-ipeds.aimeproduct.com/)
- By consolidating over 400 diverse data files, this project creates a unified, comprehensive dataset that serves as the foundation for advanced analysis. Leveraging cutting-edge generative AI models, it transforms raw data into actionable insights in real-time, enabling more informed decision-making across all levels of your organization.   

### Book: [Marketing Analytics with Python](https://phillip1029.github.io/marketing-analytics-with-python)

### Blog Posts

- [Unleashing Generative AI: A New Dawn for Data Science and Machine Learning](https://medium.com/stackademic/unleashing-generative-ai-a-new-dawn-for-data-science-and-machine-learning-0e163da2c1a9?source=your_stories_page-------------------------------------)
- [Customer Journey Visualization with Python](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/customer-journey-visualization-with-python-1c817f328e5e)
- [Maximizing Profits with Machine Learning: A Guide to Retail Price Optimization](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/maximizing-profits-with-machine-learning-a-guide-to-retail-price-optimization-560360efa8b5)
- [How Should an Agilist Pick the Right Generative AI Project?](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-should-agilist-pick-right-generative-ai-project-phillip-peng-7pfre/?trackingId=Te8qNbNLDK9ZKJ1bLxzxng%3D%3D)
- [OpenAI's SORA: A Revolutionary Shift in Video Advertising](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/openais-sora-revolutionary-shift-video-advertising-phillip-peng-9vqjc/?trackingId=FQJDE0I9svn3bq%2BH58yKEA%3D%3D)
- [Navigating the Future: A Deep Dive into the Imperative of AI Governance](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/navigating-the-future-a-deep-dive-into-the-imperative-of-ai-governance-fdb332f4051f)
- [Practical Guide to Prompt Compression: Essential Optimization for RAG-Based Applications](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/practical-guide-to-prompt-compression-essential-optimization-for-rag-based-applications-431791167b38)
- [Thriving in the AI Era: The Imperative of Lifelong Learning](https://medium.com/@ppeng08/thriving-in-the-ai-era-the-imperative-of-lifelong-learning-504529bfb907)
- [Setting Up a Linux Data Science Environment on Windows](https://ppeng08.medium.com/setting-up-a-linux-data-science-environment-on-windows-a01c7eaad8f5)
- [How to Auto Shutdown An Idle VM Instance on GCP to Cut Fat Bills](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/how-to-auto-shutdown-an-idle-vm-instance-on-gcp-to-cut-fat-bills-b08ae20437af)
- [Take Full Control of AI Notebook Instance on GCP via Putty](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/take-full-control-of-ai-notebook-instance-on-gcp-via-putty-814ae0e11873)
- [Time-Series Cluster Analysis of US COVID-19 Deaths](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/time-series-cluster-analysis-of-us-covid-19-deaths-b31da03000b7)
- [Setup for Deep Learning with GPU on Your Local Laptop](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/setup-for-deep-learning-with-gpu-on-your-local-laptop-3ab29eae68f2)
- [Windows Terminal: A Must-Have Productivity Tool for Windows Programmers](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/windows-terminal-a-must-have-productivity-tool-for-windows-programmers-9270d9dc4bfb)
- [Turn on These Six Power-User Features of Your Jupyter Notebook Now](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/turn-on-these-six-power-user-features-of-your-jupyter-notebook-now-a80e35854358)
- [Interactive Visualization for Exploratory Data Analysis in Jupyter Notebook](https://ppeng08.medium.com/interactive-visualization-for-exploratory-data-analysis-in-jupyter-notebook-adc826e1e76a)
